# Password-Generator
On this application, I have created a simple web page in which users can create a randomized password with ease. The user is allow to choose how long the password will be as well as decide if whether of not they would like to have their password start with a capitol letter or not. The user then will be able to copy the password to their clipboard for easy pasting.
An event listener is used to sense a "click" action by the user on the generate password button. This then runs the function that prompts the user how long they want the password to be as well as if it needs to start with a capital letter. Then the function that randomly selects from all the computer symbols on the keyboard to create a password at the length that the user selects.
If the password is under 5, the functions will not run and the user gets alerted that the password must be longer than 5. If the user needs a capital first letter, then there is a function that is runs that randomly selects between all the uppercase letters in the alphabet and adds it to the front, and then loops through the rest of the characters/symbols in the array until the length of the password is satisfied.
On the copy to clipboard button, there is an onclick="" attribute that calls the function that copies the text in the div tag to the clipboard for pasting later on. Inside that function, I had to create and input fields, sets its value to the element that I was coping. Then I had to append that child, select it, and copy it using the .select() and execCommand("copy") functions. After that I had to remove the child from the body, and my function was complete. 
This homework assignment was very informative and helped me a lot better to understand the different functions in javascipt and how they can work together with one another to create more elaborate projects. 

 https://justindurocher.github.io/Password-Generator/
